how everybody is passed behind it some
your action to decline and reveal the
store-bought time so look I won't speak
whatever this is it but is it porn which
is something I'm going to do and cooking
very loud stretchy kind of feel it the
lost jellies but I related corner it
went how do you review this model Wow
like I'm not sure that this one that's
like a pun what type of it is it I have
no idea it's like a girl so is it like
one of those twins oh no see it take it
up
very sad hi purple Eva on the floor good
together
yeah we're using the floor by the way
this is extra sanitary so sad hi like
move to single on whoo gosh beautiful
call how would you like it out of five
one out of five I feel it arrived the
only thing I don't like you that you're
kind of feels like a lush jelly and I
wanted to be stretchy side that's
wouldn't you even get other toilet yeah
there's other fun little do you
and my favorite which is my favorite one
and I wanna see this puppy I already
make fun of you Arjun smell is just
amazing
I mean I like to smile and all the
feelings would like to smell stick and
the purple as my most favorite because
let me write in it honey that yesterday
but do you need other ones feel
differently
this one feels more watery and just like
watery slime
hello the way stretcher oh yes my
favorite one
I'm sure but I kind of like the king now
to look at this compare that mix and now
you're into Punk Oh God I'm guessing
this earth up top Ariana I'm sorry
oh my god on the soul-satisfying
so I had that action looks like a blush
jelly to be I don't think I like it but
not yellow tail really true though
I want to get the pink one now I feel so
bad so I take the pink one to be ready
now in a lot and one tricky look at that
and break super gonna break
I'm gonna point little smell is like
it's not like alcohol already didn't
alcohol in this play you know this kid
for me not edible huh in we got into the
pack here so yeah 12 it stopped probably
based on sodium chicken bean where did
you get that Amazon it was rated 405 so
I mean I've waited for the front as well
there's completely new window oh you
guys in the next video one day
let me probably like to sing a little
high - bye bye Tyler